# 2024-06-07 Narwhals community meeting

- Time: 2:30 pm UTC
- [Narwhals community events calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=27ff6dc5f598c1d94c1f6e627a1aaae680e2fac88f848bda1f2c7946ae74d5ab%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=Europe%2FLondon)
- [Join via Google Meet](https://meet.google.com/igm-dtqg-mrz)
- [Community meetings notes archive](https://github.com/narwhals-dev/archive/tree/main/community-meetings)

**Code of Conduct**
All attendees of Narwhals community events must adhere to the [Narwhals Code of Conduct](https://github.com/narwhals-dev/narwhals?tab=coc-ov-file#readme).

**Present:**

- Francesco Bruzzesi
- Magdalena Kowalczuk
- Marco Gorelli
- Inessa Pawson
- Dea LÃ©on

## Discussion

Potential use cases: looking into `missingno` library.

People generally it's a good idea to simulatenously:

- work on making Narwhals really solid
- look at potential use cases and get Narwhals ready for them, even if we don't submit anything yet

People are generally feeling pretty bullish about the project. We've been seeing some very high-quality
community contributions. Exciting times.

---

### Let's connect and keep the conversation going!

Join us on Discord: https://discord.gg/XwBMXd6X

---
Remember to archive this file by committing it to [github.com/narwhals-dev/archive/community-meetings](https://github.com/narwhals-dev/archive/tree/main/community-meetings)
